Update delegate.md (#2561)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

- The List Tokens API now supports listing all the personal access tokens or service account tokens in the account. The API has been enhanced as follows:
   1. If you have user management permissions, you can list all the Personal Access Tokens in your account. You can also filter tokens belonging to a user or filter only active tokens.
   2. If you have service account management permissions, you can list all the service account tokens in your account. You can also filter tokens for a service account or filter only active tokens. (PL-31870, ZD-40110)
 

> - When Helm Deployment occurred and the Helm Deploy step timed out during Helm Steady State check, the helm rollback failed to initialize. This is fixed and now the rollback does execute. (CDS-73264). Please make sure the delegate is on 80100 for the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- During a Helm deployment, the Helm Deploy step timed when performing the Helm Steady State check and the Helm rollback failed to initialize. This is fixed and now the rollback does execute. (CDS-73264). Please make sure the delegate is on 80100 for the changes.
```

Reviewer 2: @thisrohangupta This fix is behind feature flag and should be mentioned in documentation as well

Reviewer 3: @thisrohangupta @markoharness  @ershadalim @bharatgoelharness This was documented under the 79906 hotfix on July 20. Do we need to edit the release note with this content? Can we close this PR? Thanks.
